README.md, before:

# Obsidian Conceal Plugin

An [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md) plugin to dynamically replace content of a note using user defined Regular Expressions.

## Use Cases

The main goal of this plugin is to enable users to hide ugly, verbose metadata used by other plugins that clutters your notes.

For example, [Obsidian to Anki](https://github.com/Pseudonium/Obsidian_to_Anki/wiki/Cloze-formatting) utilizes **curly braces** to signify a line of text that should create a **cloze note** in [Anki](https://docs.ankiweb.net/editing.html#cloze-deletion). This plugin can enable the user to conceal the **curly braces** in their notes.

## Showcase

### Regex used in example

![image](https://github.com/mattcoleanderson/obsidian-conceal-plugin/assets/49250378/b97faaf7-ed7d-4ab7-b4a8-cfb9d0bfbb39)

### Example conceal in Source, Edit, and Read mode

![2023-12-12 16 36 32](https://github.com/mattcoleanderson/obsidian-conceal-plugin/assets/49250378/e00604c3-21b6-43cf-82cb-a015439253c9)

## Support

If you wish to support my work, you can do so with the following links:

<!-- Buy Me a Coffee embedded button -->
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/mattcoleanderson"><img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a coffee&emoji=&slug=mattcoleanderson&button_colour=40DCA5&font_colour=ffffff&font_family=Inter&outline_colour=000000&coffee_colour=FFDD00" /></a>

Commit message:

Add link to discussion board for community regex

README.md, after:

# Obsidian Conceal Plugin

An [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md) plugin to dynamically replace content of a note using user defined Regular Expressions.

## Use Cases

The main goal of this plugin is to enable users to hide ugly, verbose metadata used by other plugins that clutters your notes.

For example, [Obsidian to Anki](https://github.com/Pseudonium/Obsidian_to_Anki/wiki/Cloze-formatting) utilizes **curly braces** to signify a line of text that should create a **cloze note** in [Anki](https://docs.ankiweb.net/editing.html#cloze-deletion). This plugin can enable the user to conceal the **curly braces** in their notes.

## Showcase

### Regex used in example

![image](https://github.com/mattcoleanderson/obsidian-conceal-plugin/assets/49250378/b97faaf7-ed7d-4ab7-b4a8-cfb9d0bfbb39)

### Example conceal in Source, Edit, and Read mode

![2023-12-12 16 36 32](https://github.com/mattcoleanderson/obsidian-conceal-plugin/assets/49250378/e00604c3-21b6-43cf-82cb-a015439253c9)

## Discussions

Overtime I hope we can amass a collection of user created Regex for various use cases.

If you have a Regex you would like to share, I encourage you to leave a comment on 
the [List of Community Made Regex](https://github.com/mattcoleanderson/obsidian-conceal-plugin/discussions/19) discussion.

## Support

If you wish to support my work, you can do so with the following links:

<!-- Buy Me a Coffee embedded button -->
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/mattcoleanderson"><img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a coffee&emoji=&slug=mattcoleanderson&button_colour=40DCA5&font_colour=ffffff&font_family=Inter&outline_colour=000000&coffee_colour=FFDD00" /></a>
